UDP input operator - async mode - separate between readers & processors (#27805)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: pkg/stanza/docs/operators/udp_input.md

If set, the `async` configuration block instructs the `udp_input` operator to read and process logs asynchronsouly and concurrently.

**note** If `async` is not set at all, a single thread will read & process lines synchronously.

| Field                                   | Default              | Description |
| ---                                     | ---                  | ---         |
| `readers`                               | 1                    | Concurrency level - Determines how many go routines read from UDP port and push to channel (to be handled by processors). |
| `processors`                            | 1                    | Concurrency level - Determines how many go routines read from channel (pushed by readers) and process logs before sending downstream. |

> | `max_queue_length`                      | 100                  | Determines max length of channel being used by async reader routines. When channel reaches max number, reader routine will block until channel has room. |

Reviewer: This could be a little clearer in regards to whether the allocation is per-reader or shared. Generally, I think it's best to avoid language specific terminology if possible, since many users may not know golang well. I think the following would be a bit clearer, if I've correctly myself.

```suggestion
| `max_queue_length`                      | 100                  | Determines max number of messages which may be waiting for a processor. While the queue is full, incoming messages will be dropped by readers. |
```

Author: changed description (your suggestion wasn't 100% accurate).
